[Takemichi] I never
expected that my life
would turn out like this.
Living in a crappy apartment
with paper thin walls treated
like an absolute moron by my
manager, who's younger than me.
Then those punks
pick a fight with me,
and I end up apologizing.
I've only had one girlfriend
in my entire life,
and that was in middle school.
So, to top it all off,
I'm still a damn virgin.
Where the hell did I go wrong?
(dramatic music)
Huh?
No.
Huh? Who the hell is
this lame-looking punk?!
It's me from middle school.
I was so lame, but this was
supposed to be when I peaked.
[Makoto] Man, I'm starving.
[Kazushi] Yeah, I
need some katsudon.
[Akkun] What's wrong
with you, dude?
I'm sorry, but I gotta go.
[Akkun] Huh? Go where?
(doorbell rings)
Who is it?
Takemichi, is that you?
Were you fighting again?
When will you learn? You
can't keep doing that.
It's all right!
[Naoto] Oh, are you friends
with Hinata? That's cool!
Naoto Tachibana.
That's right. In 12 years,
he's going to die, too.
On July 1st, 12 years from now,
your sister Hinata will die.
(whimpers)
And that's also the day
you're going to die.
July 1st, 2017.
Remember that date, Naoto.
You can save your sister's life.
I'm counting on you.
Okay, I'll do it.
Takemichi, you've got to help!
I just know you can save her.
You want me to save Hinata?
(siren wailing)
Whoa.
Time travel.
[Takemichi] Yeah?
I've been studying your power.
You jumped from
the present time,
July 4th, 2017, to the
same date, July 4th,
but in the year 2005.
So you can time travel
12 years into the past.
That's the power I
believe you've acquired.
(gasps)
(singing in foreign language)
[Takemichi Voiceover]
I am so tired.
There, that's important.
Huh? Yeah.
And that part there,
you just scrolled by.
Hm? Oh.
[Naoto] ake sure you read
that whole paragraph there.
(Takemichi sighs)
No, you went too far.
Yes. There, memorize
that part too.
[Takemichi Voiceover]
For two days now,
I've been locked in
Naoto's apartment,
and I haven't slept a wink.
(yawns)
(Naoto clears throat)
Oh!
We need you to know everything,
all the intel on the
Tokyo Manji gang.
I think Naoto's insane.
He's trying to kill me.
(yawns)
Hm?
Five days ago, on July 1st,
Hinata Tachibana got
caught up in a dispute
among members of the Tokyo
Manji game, and died.
During a festival, a
truck rammed its way in,
aiming for some stalls, and
she was one of the victims.
She was 26.
[Naoto] In that report,
you'll find some of the things
the Tokyo Manji gang has been
up to that haven't been
reported by the media.
That's information
my predecessor
risked his life gathering.
(gasps)
That's him in the last photo.
Huh?
[Naoto] He was
working undercover
when he was found
out and killed.
(Takemichi gasps)
In his eye socket, in place
of his gouged out eyeball,
there was a miniaturized
video recording device
that captured his murder.
(gasps)
So I began requesting transfers,
until I finally got assigned
to my predecessor's
position six months ago.
The death of this
investigator is under wraps,
because they didn't
wanna cause panic,
though that's really
only part of the reason.
Tokyo Manji, or Toman for short,
was already under
Tetta Kisaki's control
before any of this happened.
Naoto is trying to fill my brain
with all of the information
there is about the
Tokyo Manji gang.
(sighs)
But seriously, do we need all
this stuff to save Hinata?
If we have one problem
with your power,
it's that you're limited in
what dates you can go back to.
(groans)
That's really just
your observation.
You're obviously
alive right now.
So what happened back
then must be real.
But I don't even know
for sure if I can go--
If we could go back
to the day she died.
If we could just keep her
from going to that festival,
then it might be possible
to save her life.
But since we can't go back
to the exact date we want,
we'll do everything
else we can right now.
You need to go back in time,
to middle school, 12 years ago,
and meet a certain someone.
[Takemichi] Huh?
A certain someone?
Toman has two leaders,
Manjiro Sano and Tetta Kisaki.
No way.
Sano and Kisaki.
If these two had
never met each other,
today's Tokyo Manji gang
never would have existed.
(clears throat)
Which means that
my sister Hinata
wouldn't have had to die either.
I understand.
I need to go back
to middle school,
and somehow make sure
those two never meet,
but how do I make
time-travel happen?
I didn't do it on purpose.
[Naoto] You told me that
right before you came back
to the present, you shook
hands with me, right?
[Takemichi] Ah, yeah.
[Naoto] So I think that
must be the trigger.
[Takemichi] A handshake, huh?
That evening, you saved
me from those punks.
[Takemichi] Huh?
I think because of that,
I may have become a part of
the way your power works.
Huh? I get it.
I thought he was a
little bit crazy,
but Naoto actually believes
I can travel through time.
That's why he's taking
this so seriously.
[Naoto] Takamichi,
are you ready?
The fact is, I want
to save Hinata too.
Yeah.
Just as much as Naoto does.
Sano and Kisaki. They met
in August, 12 years ago.
Just locate either one of
them, and stay by his side,
and stop the two of
them from ever meeting.
Yeah, right. I'll
give it my best shot.
(suspenseful music)
Only you can save my sister.
(gulps)
(static crackling)
(people yelling)
[Boy] Yeah!
[Takemichi] Huh?
You're going down!
[Boy] Come on.
Hm? Where'd Naoto go?
(energetic rock music)
Hurry up and fight, you scumbag!
-Enough damn talking!
-Kick his ass!
Hey, wait a second.
Hope you had a good
last meal, punk!
-Get this fight started!
-Punch him, dude!
Yeah!
-Kill him!
-Yeah!
Kick his little ass!
Come on, you wuss!
I've got money on you!
Hey, wait! What the
hell is going on?
Hang on a sec.
Wait!
(Takemichi whimpers)
This is 12 years ago today.
Damn! Naoto was right!
Hey, man--
-(punch lands)
-(Takemichi groans)
What do you know?
I really did go
back in time again.
(gasps)
Hey, the punk's alive.
[Takemichi Voiceover]
Did I, did I pass out?
Hey, what the hell
are you doing,
going down after
one punch, dumbass?
We're all betting a
lot of money here.
That was the most
lame-ass match ever.
[Takemichi Voiceover] Match?
[Delinquent] Right, Kiyomasa?
So how did we do today?
(Takemichi groans)
[Takemichi Voiceover]
That scar over his eye.
He's the top delinquent of
Shibuya Third Middle School!
Kiyomizu Masataka!
[Masataka] If people stop coming
to these fight club matches
to bet, there's no point.
[Takemichi Voiceover]
Fight club?
Oh, right, people were betting
on that fight I was just in.
Now I remember. These guys
always ran a fighting racket.
Before we go, somebody teach
this piece of trash a lesson.
(Takemichi grunting)
Hey, quit makin' like a
turtle and get your ass up!
I'm trying to teach
you a lesson here,
you worthless piece of shit!
[Takemichi Voiceover] That's
right, I'm their slave!
I did whatever they told me to!
What's with this turtle?
-(Akaishi panting)
-Maybe try flipping him
over onto his back.
-(Takemichi grunting)
-Holy shit, you're pathetic!
(birds cawing)
(melancholy music)
[Takemichi Voiceover] I'm
being forced to fight guys
I don't even know.
And then if I lose,
I get my ass kicked even
more day after effing day.
It was hell on earth.
And that's why I ran away.
(Takemichi grunting)
I abandoned my friends, and
even Hinata, my girlfriend.
(groans)
Hinata.
You better last
longer next time,
'cause you really
sucked ass today.
(boy chuckles)
-Yeah.
Let's go. Wanna
get some ramen?
[Takemichi] Hey.
Man. You're one persistent kid.
How are you conscious?
Hey, guys.
You guys belong to the
Tokyo Manji gang, don't you?
Well, I'd like to meet
one of the leaders.
Either Sano or
Kisaki would be okay.
(boys gasp)
You guys think that
would be possible?
If it's not, I understand.
(groans)
(gasps)
Go fetch me my bat.
-(bat thudding)
-(Takemichi groaning)
[Takemichi] I'm sorry.
-(bat thudding)
-(Takemichi groaning)
Wow, you think maybe
we should stop him?
Eh.
[Akaishi] Kiyomasa!
-Dude, stop!
-Hey, that's too much.
[Akaishi] You're gonna kill him!
(suspenseful music)
Wake your ass up, Hanagaki.
(Takemichi groans)
The next time the
name Sano comes out
of your stinking
little punk mouth,
if you even think
it, I'll kill you.
(screams)
[Takemichi Voiceover] That
guy's in middle school?!
He's scary as hell!
This is impossible!
How am I supposed
to meet his boss
when he said he'd kill me
if I even said his name?
And I believe he'll do it too!
(Takemichi panting)
(sobbing)
(melancholy music)
Make contact with the head
of the Tokyo Manji Gang?
A lowly slave like me?
I can't do it! I
can't do this, Naoto!
The truth is, I'd totally
forgotten who I was.
Damn, dude.
[Takemichi Voiceover]
I'm just me.
So even in my second life,
a failure's still
going to be a failure.
I should just go
home to the future.
How do I get back, though?
Oh, that's right.
The handshake is the trigger.
(static crackling)
So if I go see Naoto.
(doorbell rings)
(sighs)
Man, I hope they're here.
Naoto is the key!
If I can just shake
hands with him,
I can return to the future.
Only you can save my sister.
[Takemichi Voiceover] Am
I just running away again?
(footsteps approaching)
Huh? What are you
doing, Takemichi?
Hinata? You're here!
Uh, yeah, 'cause I
live here, remember?
(car horn beeps)
Yeah, right, duh. Heh.
Why have you been
fighting again?
[Takemichi] Ugh, sorry.
You look worse than usual too.
Are you okay?
Oh, yeah, totally fine.
(Hinata sighs)
Why do you boys insist
on fighting all the time?
Sometimes I wish
I was a boy too.
[Takemichi] Huh?
(chuckles)
Because if I was, hiya, I'd
punch him just like that,
and I'd always protect you.
(chuckles)
I know some karate,
so if I was a guy, I'd be even
stronger and totally awesome.
(gasps)
In that case, I'll
protect you too, Hina.
Oh.
(giggles)
I just called her Hina.
[Hinata] Okay.
I got carried away
there for a second.
I want you to call me that,
(chuckles)
(laughs)
but I'll be the
one protecting you.
So get used to it.
Huh?
Face it.
You're really kind of
a cry baby, Takemichi.
So if I were a guy,
I'd definitely be
stronger than you.
Hey, it's not fair
of you to say that!
The other day was the
only time I cried!
(Hinata giggles)
Sure about that?
[Takemichi] Forget
that happened.
Nope. I'm never going to forget.
(Takemichi laughs)
(Hinata laughs)
Bye-bye. I'll see you tomorrow.
(giggles)
Hi, I'm home!
(Takemichi sighs)
(crickets chirping)
Huh?
(chuckles)
(melancholy music)
[Takemichi Voiceover]
12 years from now,
Hina and I won't be dating.
(street sign beeps)
By that time, we won't have
seen each other for years.
I'm not under any
obligation to save her.
I'll be the one protecting
you. So get used to it.
But all the same,
(Takemichi sobbing)
I never thought
she'd actually die.
(people chatting)
[Takuya] Takemichi!
Hm?
Hey, Takuya.
I can't believe you lost a fight
to that guy of all people.
You should have been
able to clobber him.
Oh, well, it's hard to explain.
I just choked.
Hey.
[Takemichi] Hey.
You got a minute?
They're doing their fight
club again. It's today.
And lately it seems they've
been running it every day.
And today's fighter
is gonna be Takuya.
(Takemichi gasps)
Huh?
[Kazushi] Ohh.
[Takemichi Voiceover] Wow.
Takuya Yamamoto has
always been pretty frail.
(audience cheering)
If I remember right, he
was almost beaten to death.
Takuya can't do this!
We all know he can't fight!
Yeah. Go tell that to Kiyomasa.
(both sigh)
Can you tell him?
Hm?
If I thought that
they would let me,
I would take his place.
[Takemichi Voiceover] Akkun
actually said he'd try
to take Takuya's place!
But it's not like they'd ever
listen to what we had to say.
Wow, Akkun.
(Makoto sighs)
Thanks anyway, Akkun.
[Akkun] I didn't do anything.
Hey, Takamichi.
Huh?
You just watch me.
I'll get your revenge.
You'll see.
Huh?
And when I win,
you owe me dinner!
Takuya.
Oh, damn it.
Yeah, that's the spirit.
If you believe
you'll win, you will!
Yeah, I know it.
You got this thing, Takuya.
Wash your damn hands, Yamagishi!
(chuckles)
[Yamagishi] Well, excuse me.
-(boys laugh)
I almost got my germs
all over you.
(door slams)
(dramatic music)
[Takemichi] I thought
that they were lame,
but they're actually
insanely cool.
I remember now,
I had such amazing friends
in middle school.
All right, then, let's
get on with this.
Yeah. Don't tense
up or you'll fart.
That's just you, dumbass.
-(Kazushi laughs)
-Takamichi.
Are you coming or what?
[Takemichi] Yeah, yeah.
(boys chatting)
-Don't worry.
-Oh, you got it.
[Boy] Yeah!
Hey, welcome, all
you fighting fans!
Allow me to introduce
today's fighters!
From Sakura Middle
School, it's Kojima!
Yeah!
Yeah, my ass, shithead.
You better win this
fight, you pencil-neck!
You lose this fight, you're
goin' home in a basket!
And from Mizo Middle
School, Yamamoto!
[Boy] You're gonna
die, long-hair!
[Boy] You better
not chicken out!
The odds are currently six
to four in favor of Kojima!
Don't worry about that, Yamada!
[Boy] I thought his
name was Yamamoto.
Who the hell cares
about your dumbass name?
I've got 500 yen riding on you.
(audience chatting)
[Boy] Let's see
something, come on.
(clears throat)
-[Boy] All right, come on!
-Humpf.
[Boy] Let's go,
let's go, let's go!
[Boy] Let's do it!
Ha, punk. You look like
you're about to shit yourself.
(pants)
(audience stops chatting)
Begin the fight.
(audience cheering)
Everyone stop!
[Audience] Huh?
Huh?
[Takuya] Takemichi!
The hell? Shut up!
Who is this jerk?
Get lost, you
stupid second-year!
[Boy] What, a second-year?
He's gonna get his ass kicked!
(sighs)
[Boy] Get out of here!
Don't you guys get bored,
seeing the same damn
match every single time?
Don't you want something
more entertaining?
You're the dumbass
who got knocked out
with one punch yesterday.
[Boy] Piss off.
What do you mean,
more entertaining?
I need to face him!
Yeah.
For example.
Well, can't turn back now.
[Kojima] Who the hell
are you, ya stupid punk?
Keep your big nose
outta my fight!
This is bad.
He's lost it.
(dramatic music)
King versus slave.
Yeah?
[Boy] You gotta be kidding.
[Boy] Shit. He's crazy.
[Boy] Did you hear what
he just said? He's nuts.
Huh?
What's he talking about?
Takemichi! Don't do it.
[Takemichi] So what
do you say, Kiyomasa?
Are you gonna fight me or not?
Hmph.
(all gasp)
In the past and in the
present, I have to change,
or nothing else will.
Hm?
[Takemichi Voiceover]
So I'm done running.
(closing theme music)
(singing in Japanese)